# S-Coffee the coffee shop
#### Video Demo:  <[URL HERE](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hAnTCDWUZLk)>
#### Description:
S-Coffee is a web application made using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and Flask. It offers a seamless shopping experience with high interactivity. With the focus on user-friendly design, this website aims to make coffee accessible from anywhere in a modern society where time is a luxury expense one can't afford to be losing.

The app was developed using Visual Studio Code, and all of the development completed in Danang, Vietnam.

As stated, the app was built using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and the Flask Framework. It also uses SqLite3 and AJAX, you can find the app and its database both hosted in pythonanywhere.com following the link: https://brotchen21.pythonanywhere.com/

Images courtesy of Highland Coffee(	www.highlandscoffee.com.vn)

#### Source files:

__pycache__: This directory contains Python bytecode files that are automatically generated by Python to make the execution of the program faster.

app.py: Contains Flask framework that handles all backend logics of the application.

index.html: Home page and the main interface of the app.

webOrder.html: This pages handles the menu of the application, featuring 25 products in 6 different categories, including cold drinks, coffee, tea, and more.

caphe.html, dacbiet.html, freeze.html, nguyenban.html, tra.html, khac.html: These files create a section where you can choose a single category base on the provided ones, essentially a filter.

thuongHieu.html: I find that every websites have a section of these and it adds to the authenticity and vibe of the website. So I made one.

cart.html: This handles the cart logic.

login.html, reg.html: A relatively simple register/login form.

index.css: Handles the styling for most of the app, not including login, reg and cart.

script.js: Handle front end logics like slide, transition, and cart logic.

cart, reg, login.css: Styling for these files, also very simplistic.


#### Technologies used:
Flask: I use Flask as my primary web framework as it is one I've used it in Week 9 of CS50. It is easy to use, and the app is simple enough that it doesn't require performance benefits that might have been provided by other frameworks.

Jsonify: It was briefly mentioned by Malan during the final minutes of Week 9 lecture, it makes data communication between front end(Javascript) and backend(Flask) seamlessly.

font-awesome: I don't use any Bootstrap for this project, and its library provides much needed aesthetic that css wouldn't be able to provide.

SqLite3: In Week 7 of CS50 I've been taught SqLite3, and I found it particularly easy to us. Having also attended CS class in university and was taught SqLite3 with Python, it is an easy and fun way to work with the database. Although, at times it did present its own challenges, I believe it was the correct choice, and I will continue to use it in future projects with Python and its framework such as Flask.

#### Technologies used:
The app and its database are both hosted on pythonanywhere.com. Pythonanywhere offers an adequate free tier, which is suitable for small projects, and is much more user friendly than Heroku, which no longer offers a free options

The application is hosted as a pythonanywhere app.

#### About the developer:

Phạm Tuấn Huy is a university student majoring in Software Engineering, in FPT Univerisity, located in Đà Nẵng, Việt Nam, starting from 2023. He was born in Đồ Sơn, Hải Phòng and moved to Đà Nẵng in 2016 and continues to live there ever since.



